lib: pdn: Set ePCO mode (#10675)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * The deprecated function ``nrf_modem_lib_shutdown_wait``.
    * The deprecated Kconfig option ``CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_ENABLED``.

* :ref:`pdn_readme` library:

>   * Added:
> 
>     * Set ePCO mode if the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PDN_LEGACY_PCO` is not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the library to use ePCO mode if the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PDN_LEGACY_PCO` is not enabled.
```
